Update and improve Prospero documentation (#1022)
wildfly/prospero: dist/docs/guide/usage/update.adoc

Reviewer: Maybe adding another heading to the top:

```
### Update

#### Update to the latest manifest versions

[...the existing section...]

#### Update or downgrade to a specific manifest version

[...the added content...]
```

NOTE: The server has to be stopped during `update perform` operation

> #### Upgrade or downgrade to a specific WildFly channel manifest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Upgrade or downgrade to a specific WildFly Channel manifest
```

Channel manifests define the specific component versions available in a server installation. Sometimes you may need to upgrade to a specific version (not necessarily the latest) or downgrade to a previous version for compatibility or rollback purposes.

*List possible updates for the installation*

[source, bash]
----
./prospero.sh update list-manifest-versions --dir installation-dir
----

*List possible updates for the installation with `--include-downgrades` parameter*

[source, bash]
----
./prospero.sh update list-manifest-versions --dir installation-dir --include-downgrades
----

Note that the `--include-downgrades` parameter will include older manifest versions in the list of available manifests.

*List the components upgraded or downgraded on the manifest*

> Before applying the update, you can preview which components will change by using the `--manifest-versions` parameter with the format `<CHANNEL_NAME>::<VERSION>`:

Reviewer: Maybe rewording a bit to something like bellow?

```suggestion
Before applying the update, you can preview which components will change by using the `update list` command, optionally specifying the target manifest version parameter with `--manifest-versions <CHANNEL_NAME>::<VERSION>`:
```
